<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"

      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets">
    <h:head>
        <title>Facelet Title</title>
        <h:outputStylesheet name="css/primeflex.min.css" />

    </h:head>
    <h:body style="background-color: #f8f9fa;">
        <div class="p-grid">
            <div class="p-col"></div>
            <div class="p-col"></div>
           
            
            
        </div>
        
       
        <ui:include src="barraMenu.xhtml"></ui:include>
        <br/>
        <div class="p-grid">
            <div class="p-col"></div>
            <div class="p-col p-mb-6">
                <h:form>
                    <div class="card">
                        <div class="p-py-2">
                            <p:commandButton icon="pi pi-minus" onclick="PF('galleriaWidget').prev()" class="ui-button-secondary" />
                            <p:commandButton icon="pi pi-plus" onclick="PF('galleriaWidget').next()" class="ui-button-secondary p-ml-2" />
                        </div>

                        <p:galleria value="#{fotosC.fotos}" var="f"  style="max-width: 640px" widgetVar="galleriaWidget" >
                            <p:graphicImage name="#{f.foto}" alt="#{f.descripcion}" style="width: 100%; display: block;" library="img"  />
                        </p:galleria>
                    </div>
                </h:form>
            </div>
            <div class="p-col"></div>
            
        </div>
        
        <div class="p-grid">
            <div class="p-col"></div>
            <div class="p-col-5 p-shadow-10 p-m-2">
                <p>
                    What is Lorem Ipsum?
                    Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard 
                    dummy text ever since the 1500s, when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make a type specimen book. 
                    It has survived not only five centuries, but also the leap into electronic typesetting, remaining essentially unchanged. It was
                    popularised in the 1960s with the release of Letraset sheets containing Lorem Ipsum passages, and more recently with desktop 
                    publishing software like Aldus PageMaker including versions of Lorem Ipsum.
                    Where does it come from?
                    Contrary to popular belief, Lorem Ipsum is not simply random text. It has roots in a piece of classical Latin literature from 
                    45 BC, making it over 2000 years old. Richard McClintock, a Latin professor at Hampden-Sydney College in Virginia, looked up 
                    one of the more obscure Latin words, consectetur, from a Lorem Ipsum passage, and going through the cites of the word in classical 
                    literature, discovered the undoubtable source. Lorem Ipsum comes from sections 1.10.32 and 1.10.33 of "de Finibus Bonorum et Malorum" 
                    (The Extremes of Good and Evil) by Cicero, written in 45 BC. This book is a treatise on the theory of ethics, very popular during the 
                    Renaissance. The first line of Lorem Ipsum, "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet..", comes from a line in section 1.10.32.
                </p>
            </div>
            <div class="p-col-5 p-shadow-10 p-m-2">
                <p>
                     Why do we use it?
                    It is a long established fact that a reader will be distracted by the readable content of a page when looking at its layout. The point
                    of using Lorem Ipsum is that it has a more-or-less normal distribution of letters, as opposed to using 'Content here, content here', making 
                    it look like readable English. Many desktop publishing packages and web page editors now use Lorem Ipsum as their default model text, and a 
                    search for 'lorem ipsum' will uncover many web sites still in their infancy. Various versions have evolved over the years, sometimes by 
                    accident, sometimes on purpose (injected humour and the like).
                </p>
            </div>
            <div class="p-col"></div>
        </div>
        <br/>


    </h:body>
</html>